LinCity NG packages built for Windows may include dll's, which are covered under
their own licenses.

`libgcc_s_seh-1.dll` is provided by MinGW-w64 (https://www.mingw-w64.org/) and
falls under the custom license that covers that project.

`libiconv-2.dll` is provided by libiconv
(https://www.gnu.org/software/libiconv/) and falls under the GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL).

`liblzma-5.dll` is provided by XZ-Utils (https://tukaani.org/xz/) and so falls
under the BSD Zero Clause License (0BSD).

`libSDL2_gfx-1-0-0.dll` is provided by SDL2_gfx
(http://www.ferzkopp.net/wordpress/2016/01/02/sdl_gfx-sdl2_gfx/) and falls under
the ZLIB License.

`libssp-0.dll` is provided by the GNU Compiler Collection (a.k.a. GCC)
(https://gcc.gnu.org/) and MinGW-w64 (https://www.mingw-w64.org/) and so falls
under the applicable licenses for those projects.

`libstdc++-6.dll` is provided by the GNU Compiler Collection (a.k.a. GCC)
(https://gcc.gnu.org/) and MinGW-w64 (https://www.mingw-w64.org/) and so falls
under the applicable licenses from those projects.

`libwinpthread-1.dll` is provided by MinGW-w64 (https://www.mingw-w64.org/) and
falls under the custom license that covers that project.

`libxml2-2.dll` is provided by Libxml2 (http://www.xmlsoft.org/) which is part
of the GNOME project and falls under the MIT License.

`libxml++-5.0-1.dll` is provided by libxml++
(https://libxmlplusplus.github.io/libxmlplusplus/) and falls under the LGPL
version 2 or above.

`SDL2.dll` is provided by SDL (http://libsdl.org) and falls under the MIT
License.

`SDL2_image.dll` is provided by SDL
(https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL_image) and falls under the ZLIB License.

`SDL2_mixer.dll` is provided by SDL
(http://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer) and falls under the ZLIB License.

`SDL2_ttf.dll` is provided by SDL (http://libsdl.org) and falls under the MIT
License.

`zlib1.dll` is provided by zlib (https://www.zlib.net/) and falls under the ZLIB
License.
