.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LINCITY-NG 6 "June 24, 2005"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
lincity-ng \- City simulator game with polished graphics
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lincity-ng
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the usage of
.B lincity-ng
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBlincity-ng\fP is a  City Simulation Game. It is a polished and improved
version of the old LinCity game:
You are required to build and maintain a city. You must feed, house,
provide jobs and goods for your residents. You can build a sustainable
economy with the help of renewable energy and recycling, or you can go for
broke and build rockets to escape from a pollution ridden and resource
starved planet, it's up to you. Due to the finite resources available
in any one place, this is not a game that you can leave for long periods of
time.

This game is similar to the commercial simulation game with a similar
name.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`\-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-g, \-\-gl
Use the OpenGL display mode
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-sdl
Use the SDL display mode
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-window
Run lincity-ng in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-fullscreen
Run lincity-ng in fullscreen mode
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-mute
Turn off sound
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-size
specify screensize (eg. \-S 1024x768)
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quick
speficify how quick is the fast speed. (eg. \-q 1 is the fastest possible with full animations, may heat hardware due to average 1 ms pause.  \-q 9 is the default 10ms pause) In \-q 9 animation steps are skipped for speed. 1..8 do all animation steps in fast mode.

.SH UPGRADE from 1.x to 2.x
A new format for saved games is used since 2.0, but old games can be imported and automagically converted. Just copy $HOME/.lincity/*   (old location for lincity and lincity-ng 1.x) to $HOME/.lincity-ng/ (new location since 2.0).

   cp \-a ~/.lincity/* ~/.lincity\-ng/

At the start of the game, one message will popup to remind you have some changes to do in your city.


.SH AUTHOR
lincity-ng was written by Wolfgang Becker, Matthias Braun, David Kamphausen, Corey Keasling, IJ Peters, Ingo Ruhnke, Jimmy Salmon, Greg Sharp and others. Please see the documentation for a list of all contributors.
.PP
This manual page was written by Moritz Muehlenhoff, for the Debian project (but may be used by others). Updated by Lincity-NG team.
